Docs: Updates from DEI to BEAR and Fix Markdown Lint Issues (#17)
ossf/wg-bear: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to the OpenSSF BEAR Working Group

> Welcome! We're excited that you're interested in contributing to the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (BEAR) Working Group. We aim to create a supportive, inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and make meaningful contributions.

Reviewer: One more spot to replace
```suggestion
Welcome! We're excited that you're interested in contributing to the Belonging, Empowerment, Allyship and Representation (BEAR) Working Group. We aim to create a supportive, inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and make meaningful contributions.
```
